You get mad at the car and explode,
The car is fried, the car is fried,
Cars are blowing, cars are blowing, cars are blowing, cars are blowing, cars are blowing
Explode, Explode, Explode, Explode, Explode, Explode, Explode, Explode, Explode, Explode, Explode, Explode, Explode, Explode, Explode.
I let my body want
I would like to think that you don't look at it
i am willing to die
You will trade your body for yourself
You screw it first
Then tell our mother me
You just eat fish fish fish fish come here
I don't have any
You let us go
I treat it like this
You can hear your fish mother
you want to take your body to
Find the right fish fish fish fish fish fish fish
This fish fish fish
My lord, I'll kill you over there, Chun.
are you still here
Are you still here? Face him
You got this one from him
Get in front of him
There is no chance to reflect anymore, I am not
It's Rory, Rory, Rory.
Being beaten by Rory Luo